hello you do Persian here I thought I'd
give you guys a little tip on how I
vaccinate my dogs first of all let me
start out saying I'm not a veterinarian
I'm not a vet tech I'm not even a bit
answering the door person or answering
the phone person
I'm just an old boy who'd like to do as
much as I can on my own cut out the
middleman save myself money I am showing
you what I do I am not telling you to do
it yourself do do this route fine you'll
save some cash but also do your research
do your due diligence so you know what
you're doing for your pets anyway if
you're a price you know the veterinarian
on some bunch of their shots anyone any
worse than 35 to 60 dollars yeah it's a
ton of money and then you have you got
one two three it adds up quick here you
can pick up vaccinations for your pets
at the feed store
most of the places out in the country
most of the country folks take care of
most of their own vaccinations you see
in here is a little packet I picked up
hoping this can come out with that price
right there six dollars and 20 cents
when you know I'm plus the tax nowThis
handles seven types of different it's
called solo check seven and immunizes
your pad against seven different
diseases or what you want to call it bad
stuff I mean kind of turn it around here
and what tell you between my both my
thumbs
it tells you what immunizes against I'll
try to take a good snapshot of it and
including the video hopefully the
editing software works allows me to do
that if not if it's coming through just
pause the video that's what I mean I
said my dog gets today it comes in to do
you get the needle and these two little
vials one cuts the fluid and the else
one has a little cake I guess that's the
medication put them in mix them together
shake them up and then you're bout ready
to to give the dog a shot um hope it's
up continuously is what it's called you
don't stick it in the vein or nothing
dude I'll call something to anesthetize
to sterilize the little area or you give
your pet the shot make sure you like say
you don't want to hit a blood vein what
I do is give the dog a few scratches and
rubs behind his neck he never knows it's
coming
this is not rabies just point that out
some of your local governments do not
allow rabies some of them do I had lived
in a place where for years you couldn't
do your own rabies and then
the county reversed it yeah you can do
your own rabies shots which can save you
some money but then some of the cities
within that County but not recognized if
you wanted to put a license on your pet
so do your research
what are your counties cities you
require you to do what I'm doing not
telling you what you need to do so from
here on out let me get started and
mixing all this other stuff and we'll be
back okay I'll go ahead and mix up the
files here now if we should do this
trying to do it in the camera there's
easier if I can do it elsewhere I can
see it I'll do both of it here I'm going
to turn this upside down and we'll draw
all the liquid
I know you're not gonna be able to see
that but just bear with me
okay now once I stick it in the vial
with the cake in it we sit the pull of
vacuum and pull it all out there's a
little circle on the top there you're
gonna aim for that little circle that's
it so I'm not pushing it's pulling on
itself so I'm gonna do draw the needle
mmm give it a really good shake didn't
really say how long and I guess probably
longer the better
see it's all seems to be dissolved
and again I'll do the same thing all
over again cert the needle and withdraw
all liquid out as I can and then prepare
the pup for the shot it's not a pup I
just always call her pup again let's
take it here stick it inside and I'll be
out a camera view for a second well then
go ahead and pull this out and let's see
here and try to get some most of it and
he's your fire the cameraman here
helping me out
okay had to pull it back out of you
there as you can see you got it there is
some error within the injection the
stuff that's gonna be injected the
liquid here I'm going to pause the
camera and get rid of all that air and
prep the dog for the shot so I'll be
right back
not to go crawl no stay
and she's done since she took it in
squawk or nuttin she's brave or not here
when it comes to needles let me tell you
folks I don't like needles and for being
such a good girl you get your bone what
come on come morning turn this way
good girl see that's a good pup ok folks
I hope this videos helped you guys out a
lot you know vaccinating your pets
doesn't have to break the bank if you
guys got horses and stuff other animals
you can do this too so bring it up you
know what you can do
you're good country feed stores and help
you out a lot check out with different
ones of them some of the country feed
stores I'm more proud of their product
and others hope you guys found this
informative and everything and take care
god bless you in the family